We are starting the second edition of the Identity and Access Management Dev Room.
My name is Alexander Bakavoy, this is Iker Petroza.
Formally we are the ones who organize this Dev Room.
If you have any questions, anything, please talk to us.
A guy in blue t-shirt will be the guy moderating a specific session.
I'm not talking about him or Trevino specifically because this is a moving target.
We have one t-shirt for people who will be moderating.
I wanted to do a bit of history reminder.
We had the first edition six years ago.
It was, I think, a successful one.
We got roughly the same amount of talks we will hear today.
They were as much diverse and wide in topics.
Also, we had quite a lot of people coming to listen to the point that at some talks we actually caught the FOSDMQ sickness.
There were like 50 people in the room, there was a smaller room and hundreds of people waiting to get into the room.
So, truly FOSDMQ sickness part that we enjoyed six years ago.
I hope we will have enough space because this is twice the room, the first one.
For this year, as you all know, this URI probably has a whole schedule.
You can get access to all the things that I will just remind to speakers here that please upload slides.
Using this new interface to pre-talks, but please upload them roughly like half an hour before your talk
so that people who will be watching this live stream and they have some reference point and can see their...
You can omit things from the slides that you want to make a surprise during the live presentation so that it's not spoiled.
But it's typically good to have it uploaded.
Since this is a smaller room and we don't have another mic, please, when you're talking and hearing some questions, please repeat the questions
so that it's recorded in the mic.
Finally, we have smaller slides, but please leave one or two minutes so that we can change to the next one
and don't get the time taken from the next one.
And since this is largely done by automation and volunteers,
you will get an email from the video team that will give you a link with the details of your presentation recording.
And you need to act on that. Preferably if you have time today or at most tomorrow
so that they can re-encode the video and publish it.
There will be an interface where you get to set where the talk starts and ends and maybe not in our rooms, we have one mic or maybe two.
And in some other rooms they also have more mics and you can choose which audio you're taking.
And once you set this off and signed off on that video, it gets re-encoded and published automatically on the schedule page.
For all the people who missed your talk, they will be able to get the recording and how fast they will get it depends on you as a presenter.
So, yeah, and now Iker does an overview.
You forgot one thing regarding the video meeting that you need to make sure that you sound correctly.
I forgot to say that yes, you need to check that you sound correctly in the video.
Last year's talks. This one wasn't very good at the beginning.
Yep. So, now it's to you.
Okay, so my name is Iker.
Well, this is my first post-dem. I hope you are enjoying it as much as I'm doing it.
And, well, this Identity and Access Management Dev Room is about Identity and Access Management.
We have several talks regarding passwordless.
We also have multi-factor authentication, signals unknown, user federation.
And, well, just in short, I hope you are enjoying it a lot.
Leave space to the next one, do the next speaker to prepare everything.
And we are all volunteers.
So, if you find that something is not correct or just fix it or tell it to us so that we can, you know, try to fix it and have everything correct.
I don't have much else to say, so thank you and have fun.